General Non Technical Interview Questions List
Here is a general list of Non-Technical Questions. Make sure you answer a few of these during your phone screen mock interview (record yourself answering them!)
Tell me about yourself?
How did you hear about the position?
What do you know about the company?
What are your greatest professional strengths?
What do you consider to be your weaknesses?
What is your greatest professional achievement?
Tell me about a challenge or conflict you've faced at work, and how you dealt with it.
What other companies are you interviewing with?
What are you looking for in a new position?
What type of work environment do you prefer?
What's your management style?
What's a time you exercised leadership?
What's a time you disagreed with a decision that was made at work?
How would your boss and co-workers describe you?
What do you want to do here?
What is your favorite programming language?
What is your work style?
What can you tell me about your experience?
What are your career goals?
Why are you looking to change jobs?
What salary are you expecting?
What is your salary history?
Why should we hire you?
Why do you want to work for this company?
If you could do anything, what would be your ideal job?
Can you describe an environment or scenario where you would not thrive instantly?
Apart from your technical expertise, why should we hire you?
How do you keep yourself updated with the latest technologies and programming languages?
When you can’t figure out how to solve a problem with your code, who do you turn to?
What was the most difficult conflict you ever experienced with another colleague? How did you handle it?
Are you currently working on any passion projects? What are you most proud of in these projects?
What’s an example of a time you helped a non-technical person with a technical problem, and how did you explain it to them?
Have you worked with QA (quality assurance) before? What were your feelings about it and how would you improve the process?
Have you ever worked in a customer support or client facing role?
What are your hobbies?
What do you like about your current work environment, and what do you not like about it?
